Please fill out the following and submit with your Final Project submission 
(added to help us know what to focus on when grading, what was intentionally incomplete, etc.):

1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?

   I think the estimated grade is 95 ~ 100. I think the project is very strong and I implemented
   lots of the feedback that was given to me during OH. I think I implemented more than two features
   and also made the website more user friendly and considered the different screen sizes. I think
   the workload distribution was fair. 

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)

   I would think either an A/A+ depending on how well I do on the final project. I'm hoping
   for an A+. I have engaged with the showcase of all of my CPs. I have also been to OH
   asking questions and understanding the material. I do my best to implement the feedback
   given so that my code quality is more clean and neat. I did use extra tags but I get feedback
   and improve my code given the feedback. I think this term was a bit harder than the other
   terms and definitely need to improve time management. I used lecture slides, OH, and Discord
   to ask about different tags and learn. I think using El's OH helped me get feedback on my
   work and implement the different feedback given. 

3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?

   I would like thorough feedback since I think that it would be useful to learn what areas
   I could improve on because I know this isn't the last time I will be creating a website. 

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?

   The final project will be on GitHub since I have a lot of images and tried compressing but I
   have too many.

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?

   Yes. I would like the credit or at least put my name on the different items you want to share.